Add app-level dialogs. (#2669)
beeware/toga: docs/reference/api/resources/dialogs.rst

.. _dialogs:

Dialogs
=======

A short-lived window asking the user for input.

.. rst-class:: widget-support
.. csv-filter:: Availability (:ref:`Key <api-status-key>`)
   :header-rows: 1
   :file: ../../data/widgets_by_platform.csv
   :included_cols: 4,5,6,7,8,9,10
   :include: {0: '^Dialogs$'}

Usage
-----

A dialog is a short-lived window that requires the user to provide acknowledgement,
respond to a question, or provide information to the application.

A dialog can be presented relative to a specific window (a window-modal dialog), and
relative to the entire app (an app-modal dialog). When presented as a window-modal
dialog, the user will *not* be able to interact with anything in the window until the
dialog is dismissed. When presented as an app-modal dialog, the user *may* be restricted
from interacting with any of the app; however, this behavior of app-modal dialogs is

> platform dependent.

Author: That's also my understanding of "app modal", and the macOS docs refer extensively to "app modal dialogs", and use a "begin app modal session" API to display app-modal dialogs... but then don't prevent access to the rest of the app when an app modal is displayed.

macOS is the only odd-one out here. 

1. Leave as is; say "app-modal", but leave the wiggle room around "may" to cover macOS.
2. Modify to use "app-level" dialogs.
3. Leave the text as "app-modal", but move the "may" qualifier to a platform note.

Given there's a single platform being odd, my inclination is that (3) is the best option; I've updated the text to reflect that.

When a dialog is presented, the app's event loop will continue to run, and the content
of the app windows will redraw if requested by the event loop. For this reason, dialogs
are implemented as *asynchronous coroutines* - that is, they must be either ``await``-ed
in the context of an ``async`` method. The value returned by the coroutine is the response
of the dialog; the value will vary depending on the type of dialog being displayed.

To display a dialog, create an instance of the dialog type you want to display, and
``await`` the ``dialog()`` method in the context that you want to display the dialog
(either :meth:`toga.Window.dialog` or :meth:`toga.App.dialog()`). In the following

> example, ``my_handler`` is an asynchronous event handler defined on an app instance that
> would be installed on a widget (e.g., as an :meth:`~toga.Button.on_press` handler on a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
example, ``my_handler`` is an asynchronous method defined on an :any:`App` subclass that
would be installed as an event handler (e.g., as an :meth:`~toga.Button.on_press` handler on a
```

            print("The user said yes!")
        else:
            print("The user said no.")

When this handler is triggered, the dialog will be displayed, but a ``print`` statement
will not be executed until the user's response has been received. To convert this
example into an app-modal dialog, you would use ``self.dialog(ask_a_question)``, instead
of ``self.main_window.dialog(ask_a_question)``.

If you need to display a dialog in a synchronous context (i.e., in a normal,
non-``async`` event handler), you must create a :any:`asyncio.Task` for the dialog, and
install a callback that will be invoked when the dialog is dismissed:

.. code-block:: python

    def my_sync_handler(self, widget, **kwargs):
        ask_a_question = toga.QuestionDialog("Hello!", "Is this OK!")

        task = asyncio.create_task(self.main_window.dialog(ask_a_question))
        task.add_done_callback(self.dialog_dismissed)
        print("Dialog has been created")

    def dialog_dismissed(self, task):
        if task.result():
            print("The user said yes!")
        else:
            print("The user said no.")

In this example, when ``my_sync_handler`` is triggered, a dialog will be created, the

> display of that dialog will be lodged as an asynchronous task, and a message will be

Reviewer: "Lodge" isn't necessarily *wrong* here, but it seems a bit obscure.

```suggestion
display of that dialog will be scheduled as an asynchronous task, and a message will be
```
